This course is designed to prepare leaders who may take up
a leadership position over data science initiatives at their companies.
For leaders assuming a new role,
it is common to be asked to prepare a plan for the first 100 days in the new job.
As a student in this course,
you'll prepare that 100 day data science plan for a company of your choosing.
This could be your current company or some other existing company.
As part of this project,
you will build the following: an
Identification of six data science opportunities for the organization,
a prioritization of these opportunities,
the human capital plan for your data science organization,
a data and data architecture strategy, machine learning architecture.
The work product for this capstone project will be a detailed presentation to the CEO,
detailing your plan and the rationale behind your decisions.